fix: SearchBar when inputValue has blank space at the beginning or at the end (#1010)
vtex-apps/store-components: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
- `srcSet` typo in the Image documentation.

> - `SearchBar` handleGoToPage when inputValue has blank at the beginning or at the end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SearchBar`'s `handleGoToPage` when `inputValue` has whitespace at the beginning or at the end.
```
